join : Joins the current mafia party! First player join wil be party leader.
leave : Leaves the current mafia party. Cannot do so while a game is setting or playing.
remove @user : Kicks a player off the party (Must be party leader) 
party : Shows the current mafia party!
setup : Sets up a game of mafia with the current party on the server (Minimum players is 5). Each player will receive a dm from a bot about their role. (Must be party leader) 
start : Starts the mafia game (Must do m.setup first!) (Must be party leader)
stop : Stops the current mafia game after the current round.
reset : Resets the variables on the server (ONLY DO THIS IF MAFIABOT IS BUGGED OUT)
gamemode (mode) : Sets the current game mode on the server to either classic or crazy
setting : Shows the current adjustable settings on the server
custom (type) (time) : Customize the settings on the server. Ex. m.custom dmTime 30
support : Request assistance from the Mafiabot Support Server! The bot will invite a helper from the support server and help you with your needs! Must need perm to create invite.
duel @user : Challenges another player to a duel. Each turn players choose their attack and determines who wins. Last man standing wins.
slot (bet) : Plays a slot machine! Bet a certain number (default is 10 and must be at least 10). Type m.slotInfo to view more!
combinations : Shows info about the slot!
info : Reveals bot's info (like a link to the Mafiabot Support Server!)
perms : Shows the required perms for Mafiabot to function most of the time
patch : Shows the latest patch!
record @user : Shows the past games played and the amount of Mafia points!
balance : Shows the balance (duh)
mini : Shows all the mini games Mafiabot can play!
shop : Opens up Mafiabot's shop!
buy : Buys item from the shop by selecting items associated with its number!
titles : Shows a list of titles owned by you! (Buy titles from the shop!)
setTitle : Equips a title you own by selecting one associated with its number!
roles : Shows a list of roles 
game : Shows information about the game of Mafia!
help : Shows help duh